DOCS-3226: New Replication Feature (#1297)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SystemSettings/AdvancedSettings.md

## Syslog

> The *Syslog* window allows users configure how and when the system sends log messages to the Syslog server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Syslog** window allows users configure how and when the system sends log messages to the Syslog server.
```

## Sysctl

> The *Sysctl* window allows users set up tunables that configure kernel parameters at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Sysctl** window allows users set up tunables that configure kernel parameters at runtime.
```

## System Dataset Pool

> *System Dataset Pool* allows users select the storage pool to hold the system dataset. The system dataset stores debugging core files, encryption keys for encrypted pools, and Samba4 metadata such as the user and group cache and share level permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**System Dataset Pool** allows users select the storage pool to hold the system dataset. The system dataset stores debugging core files, encryption keys for encrypted pools, and Samba4 metadata such as the user and group cache and share level permissions.
```

Users can move the system dataset to unencrypted pools or encrypted pools without passphrases.

> Users can move the system dataset to a key encrypted pool but, after the move, that pool's encryption type can't be changed to passphrase. If the encrypted pool already has a passphrase set, you cannot move the system dataset to that pool.

Reviewer: suggestion to remove possessive
```suggestion
Users can move the system dataset to a key encrypted pool but, after the move, the pool encryption type can't be changed to passphrase. If the encrypted pool already has a passphrase set, you cannot move the system dataset to that pool.
```

GPU passthrough allows the TrueNAS SCALE kernel to directly present an internal PCI GPU to a virtual machine (VM).

> The GPU device will act like the VM is driving it, and the VM detects the GPU as if it were physically connected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion to remove future tense
The GPU device acts like the VM is driving it, and the VM detects the GPU as if it is physically connected.
```

## Replication

> The *Replication* window allows users to limit the maximum number of replication tasks being executed simultaneously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion for style and tense
The **Replication** window allows users to limit the maximum number of replication tasks executed simultaneously.
```
